Faster makefile for doc development offline (#6623)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/development_guide/contribute.rst

Building the documentation
----------------------------

> You can use the makefile and build-html command for building the documentation during developement::

Author: 👍

Building the documentation
----------------------------

You can use the makefile in the doc directory with ``make html`` to build the

> documentation. For repeated use directly using ``build-html`` will be faster::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation. To test smaller changes you can consider ``build-html``, which skips some checks but will be faster::
```
